feat(curriculum): EN-B1 quiz for block 7 (#66257)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/en-b1-quiz-conditionals/696043ed5bea9c7152b6e699.md

---

To organize tasks better

#### --answer--

To delay progress

### --question--

#### --text--

Listen to the audio. How would you answer? <!-- (quiz audio) Lisa: If they closed, it would affect a lot of tech companies, wouldn't it? -->

#### --audio--

```json
{
  "audio": {
    "filename": "B1_7-3.mp3",
    "startTimestamp": 12.5,
    "finishTimestamp": 15.2
  },
  "transcript": [
    {
      "character": "Lisa",
      "text": "If they closed, it would affect a lot of tech companies, wouldn't it?"
    }
  ]
}
```

#### --distractors--

`Yes, it does.` / `No, it doesn't.`

---

`Yes, it would affected.` / `No, it wouldn't affected.`

---

`Yes, they would.` / `No, they wouldn't.`

#### --answer--

`Yes, it would.` / `No, it wouldn't.`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pair is incorrect?

#### --distractors--

Real future possibility: `If the server crashes, we will restart it.`

---

General fact: `If the system overheats, it shuts down automatically.`

---

Hypothetical situation: `If the server crashed, we would restart it.`

#### --answer--

Past result that did not happen: `If the server crashes, we would restart it.`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does `besides` mean here: `We have finished the report. Besides, we have already sent it to the manager`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What additional information does `besides` introduce in this sentence: `We have finished the report. Besides, we have already sent it to the manager`?
```
